cat explodes remembering her move with
Juan guarnizo 49-year-old Dallas follower has
her account suspended due to a conflict
on Twitter and a leak of
mistaken identity in addition, Miare's mother
announces legal action against this
lady and while Nimmu claims that she has
been part of the report Dallas
denies that it is anyone
related to him
content creators such as Chocas or Rocio Vidal
complain about taxes in Spain and they
are going too far in
addition, the political party SOE
has wanted to use
Greev and his Eslam awards as a political strategy and
Greev has gotten a little angry JH
wants to justify his funa and
blames Dallas for everything while Wol
lies about Cry Selin reports harassment on
her Instagram gd Jordi White launches his
horror video game to premiere it on
Halloween and we see the best moments
of Yo Juan in Japan Complex all this and
much more here on your favorite gossip channel
What's up my kids How are
you I hope you are having a
brutal week almost touching the
weekend but you already know that  the gossip never
stops and well here I bring you some
little sauces that you're going to like and that will
entertain you, you know that if you like
this type of content you have to
subscribe to the Channel and immediately if you
're watching the video press the
like button so that the video and the channel are
positioned well I won't go on much longer
tonight we'll probably see each other
live make yourselves comfortable and let's get down to
business gata remembered the controversy she
had with him and has pulled his
ear again
for example the moderation of her chat is
ranting about me to extreme levels my
moderators got in touch with
her moderators And you know what the
response was if everything has escalated so
much it's because Juan has come out to say [ __ ] to my face once again surely you'll remember that in recent weeks there's a lady who's been visiting, about 49 50 years old according to her in the spaces
who has become a regular
on Twitter spaces commenting on the
controversy about Dallas she's even been
with us participating in the call I
made with cancita the  debates with
Ricky and Eddy Well in fact she herself
debated with Ricky eddy at the time she
confronted him have you seen have you seen the photos that
de miare's mother took of him with the
dog saying that hopefully like the
rascal I mean what a desire to wring his
neck doesn't that seem like a good follower to you
well I also want to wring his
neck
Totally forgive me with all honesty
uncle est
madam Neo what point with total freedom
please Ana express your point with total
freedom tell us How would you like to
tin his neck something like that was It's not just
left for you to say a very simple thing in
very bad taste okay tone it down a bit
Madam you are here saying that
strangling someone Yes that woman
seems to me forgive me that woman seems to me a
sinister woman she may be the worst she may
be the worst person in the M she's talking about you she's
talking about you okay she seems to me a
horrible sinister woman a woman so
terrible that she didn't care about taking
her daughter by the middle because of an obsession
and she took her by the middle and I that
yes it is that the  I have it in my head that the
last thing I wrote to you and I
wrote it to you look I hope we see each other in
hell I'll make sure I behave really badly
to meet you because you
are such a bad such a bad person that you have to
pay for everything you've done in
some way Madam do you understand that
Ares hasn't done anything
to you personally do you understand that
you don't know her do you understand that or in other words
here here we can do a
psychological analysis of these people because it really
surprises me that you are capable of
saying that you are going to hang someone that
you don't even know and that hasn't done
anything to you do you have a legal problem with
another person that has nothing to do
with you madam or in other words do you want to
take justice into your own
hands we are
comparing a question for a
prun a question you talk about orcar
how would you do to my mother with
a
guillotine that is no secret to
me that my father's mother It's not that I
think you are the best person in the world but
under no circumstances to refute or to
criticize or to comment on the controversies
of these people that are evidently
public and mediatic And we have
we have every right to express those kinds
of wishes I've never heard Ana
refer to anyone in those terms I don't know
if she's done it on any other occasion in any space
but the truth is that it
has surprised me in a bad way I hope that if at
some point she reappears she at
least delays those words on the subject
of the hanging in addition
my mre's mother has given her the tool so that
she can post a tweet in which of
course she is not going to point out nor intends to
point out a Random person and you guys
know what a laugh Eh well now I'm going to
the mosus to denounce once again it's
incredible the impunity with which
these people move they have learned from the
biggest harassers on the internet
some creator will be to blame for what a
Random person posts of course in fact what have been
put together are some of
these Twitter accounts that are dedicated
to me to Dalas and others has been quickly
eh attempt to dox the lady and on top of that
erroneous doxing or in other words at what point are you
supposed to be criticizing Dallas the
doxes the hitmen the I don't know what the I don't
know how much and because a person  Random
some random lady says something stupid you
start trying to locate her doxxing her
publish her full name photo anyway
where she works a lot of things The
thing is that on top of that she is not, I mean to top it all off
eh there was a lady that they
found on Instagram I imagine
with the same last name as Dallas Well
one of the two last names matched
Dallas the lady's second last name did
not match the mother's second last name
But they were still
saying that she was her aunt with all her
balls the last name did not match the
mother's complete but she was her aunt
besides Dallas himself has denied it
also not that apart from what sense would it make
that Dallas had an aunt who was a
lawyer and was looking for lawyers
elsewhere I mean they saw that her
name was Ana, a lady they
found who had one of the two
last names the same as Dallas and that she was from
Tenerife to [ __ ] up This is they
literally pulled out of their asses that this
was Ana and this woman they are
harassing is neither Ana shame nor is she a relative of
mine we need to contact Ana the lawyer
so that she can file several complaints against all of
these  harassing people and
the joke ends for all these The thing is that
all these people were harassing a
completely anonymous lady who
you'll tell me no in the fact that you want to
report her and criticize her attitudes and
her comment, believe it or not, but put this what a
boring old face you have, I'm
sorry but Lady, you are of a certain
age, this same user who surely
sounds familiar to you because she is
annoying all the streamers on Twitter every day got
really offended here because
I posted a picture of her with a
parrot Oh you're laughing at my physique and I
put it to her because she was like
implying that I had some kind of
desire for her, I don't know, a move like that
or that I already or that I would like to have
a girl like her, some move like that and I
answered her half jokingly with the photo
of the parrot and the girl got really offended and
now she's there insulting, harassing,
anyway, around here we see a bit of the level,
no, even nimu has joined this
movement, claiming that she was
responsible for getting her
Twitter account suspended  Ana the follower of
Dallas several content creators have
come out to strongly criticize the new
fees for the self-employed starting
next year in Spain and this is
completely nonsense okay you can
stop the video if you want to take a
look at the table then criticize that
the kids are going to pay taxes abroad you
are seeing this I mean to say that from the
start those who generate little money are already starting off badly
not those who generate between 600
and 1000 what the hell is a
person who
generates 1000 thousand and some euros or less doing paying a self-employed fee of 200 300 400
self-employed fees people who
generate 1000 1000 and a little should not
pay self-employed fees really I mean
what are these people thinking what the [ __ ] are they
thinking this what a [ __ ] abuse
Roco Vidal for example rodinger's cat
came out with this tweet to
criticize the situation I have to say
how the self-employed are treated in Spain is
a complete nonsense they don't even help
those who earn the least who shouldn't
pay  quota exactly what I just
said and it becomes popular for those who try to get by having to
give up or work illegally to be able to
live or going abroad which is also
another thing not going abroad from Spain
also which on top of that they also
criticize you If you leave no he crashes once
again he has also been one of those who have
had the harshest words for this
government that is robbing us like this Will
the self-employed quotas for 2025 in
Spain quota month
230 is what it seems to me God [ __ ] is
paying a guy who is between 670 and 900
paying 250 What can we do to
change this if this is a democracy and
the power is with the people What can we
do to change it I am not worried about the one
who is between 3600 and 4,000 and has to
pay 500 which is by the way more than
10% How this guy has to pay a
[ __ ] quota How is there not going to be an
underground economy How is it not going to be paid in is that
if I get up 1,000 I want that
pay me in B [ __ ] it's that you're
favoring that people don't no don't
want to register but this has to
change all those who are below
1000 euros don't pay anything [ __ ] how are they going
to pay they don't even have anywhere to fall dead
who the [ __ ] is the [ __ ] one that makes
these [ __ ] rules more because you have to
be [ __ ] [ __ ] and besides
I remember that I reported it two or three years ago man It wasn't worth [ __ ] it doesn't matter what you complain man then those who create this collide they give themselves salaries that they want incredibly powerful lifetime payments and things like that while they laugh in our faces they
spend the
money anyway a lot of things like that that we
have talked about many
times and by the way getting
into politics again It seems that today things are
going to go a bit that way It turns out that
greev has had a controversy with the psoe
that the psoe to earn a medal
wanted to point him out for going abroad to pay
taxes And on top of that as eh claiming that he has
taken and  denied another party
aid with public money to the esl
the explanations that gref has given
regarding this issue is that yes the
possibility of doing the enlas in
Tenerife Well it would be an option Since in
Tenerife they give some subsidies and help
all the events that are organized
there to encourage more to be done in
fact Greg comments that for example the
final of the k glit is in Tenerife
the move is that it was obviously not
a subversion of 1,200,000 it would be a
master move right In other words, greev goes abroad
to pay less taxes and comes to
Spain to do events that are paid for
with subsidies the [ __ ] gref always
wins and this is a tiktok that
the psoe tenerife has uploaded to his account I don't want to
talk about political parties Because
all and absolutely all of them disgust me
and they [ __ ] disgust me pay attention to the tiktok
1.2 million euros the psoe rejects
that the Cabildo use public money for
gref's awards The influencer who
went to Andorra to avoid paying
taxes  let's start warming up, give it a
little bit of news, let's see, guys,
put up a cropped photo of me from
Instagram from when I was on Mount Teide
in a plenary session there of politicians. Well,
something spectacular, good montage, a photo
here with rattan at the top of Mount Teide.
Let's go. The PSOE rejects that the
Tenerife Island Council allocates 1.2 million to the ESLAN
awards, of course, you read the
headline and say 1.2 million what's
happening? The PSOE criticizes the
island government for financing the GREVO awards. The
Tenerife Island Council allocates 1.2 million
to the GREVO influencer awards
despite his tax residence in Andorra,
to be very clear, after
announcing that the ESLAN are going to go wherever
we want because we are within our
rights and we complete the
trilogy of Spain, Latin America,
Andorra, Tenerife is interested in the
ESLAN. Okay, and the first thing I'm going to
say, I'll tell you that if Tenerife
gave us 1.2 million euros, which is what it
costs.  make the awards and I've
said it Sometimes I said it in
Jordi wil's podcast I tell you I can
assure you that if the Tenerife government gave us this money
the
eslam would have been set up there a month ago Even if it
were in January or February I can tell you
that they are already set up in Tenerife
one very positive thing happens and that is that the
events that go there receive
financial aid in exchange for holding them in
Tenerife because they understand that it is
good for the island that people
like that the event goes Why do you
believe that the Kings
League finals are in Tenerife obviously it is
because the territory financially helps
the event but this
happens with all kinds of events So
my question is, does Tenerife help
the events that go there Why the hell are you
politicizing the eslan awards and you
are putting
my awards or the awards that
I have created into a political conversation which I have never liked to
say my awards because I pay tribute in
Andorra Because I live and pay tribute in Andorra I
mean are you telling me that as a
politician from Tenerife you are more concerned about
where I  I pay my money on a
personal level, which by the way I'm not going to get
a single [ __ ] Euro from the prizes, but
what the event can help or what it
can promote on your island, that is, we
're getting to that point in
politics and in life, you think
first of all, Ah, these awards were made
by Gref, okay, Gref lives and pays taxes in
Andorra, pays his taxes there, and
what the [ __ ] do you care if what you have to
look at is what the event is going to bring
to the island, the people who are going to
see the eslan awards, the number of
influencers who are going to be on your island
for a few days, and the promotion that this
means for Tenerife. One thing that I ca
n't stand anymore is that they
sincerely put the eslam awards
as a conversation about politics
because politics disgusts me, and
all political parties disgust me,
and politics
stopped looking for the common good, the
good of the citizens, and the good of all, a long time ago,
and the only thing that politics is based on is
politicians arguing and one
being above the other, regardless of
what they are saying.  to get
votes Likewise gref has clarified that at the
moment he has no plans and he doesn't know if
the links are going to be or not, he doesn't know
where they are going to be or if they are going to be done
because at the moment he hasn't planned it
but he hopes to be able to do them, it won't be
long before the Spanish media makes
the news, it won't be long before it goes viral
on Twitter, becomes a trending topic and
people start to freak out and I
get a joke without having done
absolutely anything, so that's why I
prefer to come here today and tell you a
little about the situation so you can see how
screwed up the world is before it
explodes because right now I don't know if
the eslam are going to be in Tenerife, or
in Llatan, or if I'm going to go to the [ __ ]
Moon to do them with Elon Musk or if there won't be one, I mean,
honestly I don't know. I don't
know. It's not that I don't know, it's that I don't know,
man, but really what I can't
allow at this point is for
politicians to use the eslam awards
to talk about politics after
having shone in their fight the other day.
jh de la cruz has been  in a live
with brunenger commenting a little about
the moments in which he was denounced the
truth is that jh has blamed all of his
denouncement on Dallas stating that it affected him
a lot and that there were many lies
about him it should be remembered that the denouncement was not
started by Dallas, that is to say Dallas spoke about the
subject when the subject went viral and when
the denouncement was already very much
underway in fact and the entire denouncement
originated from the
aggressive homophobic sexist comments of jh de la cruz and
dala simply what he did was maybe
give it more diffusion comment on it as
another controversy with my brother How bad it
's like watching some kind of
horror movie especially the part at the end
saying yacht to my brother here he
explains a very short story that the
truth is I don't know if anyone has the
full live stream of this but he says in very few
words he poisoned his brother with rat poison
and killed him when he was 7 years old he has
been giving a few explanations
about how his brother died or how he
killed him and he also states that he regrets
ever having answered Dallas or having
told him that  I was going to sue him and
all those things that he said at the time
because that gave Dallas the
opportunity to make even more content.
Well, but for that very reason. Yes,
well, Coscu, for example, also
had to go through
a bad time for the same reason because Adas made him go through a bad time and he was able to get out of that, but I really do believe that you suffered a funa Because those people are very bad and that they are going to kill you and not leave you alone anywhere and the
same with everyone who
was a F, a real one. Uh,
everyone. Ugh, I lost contact with everyone, no,
but ask them, but the chat being
sincere was the hardest part of that,
being sincere, what a son of a [ __ ] does
that, makes Dallas make people
turn against you, but he already fell for it. Yes, but
then everyone and there and there I felt
that people because before people, my
own followers supported me, after
the case, I started to receive a hate that I
had to
overcome, thank you, everything happens through and And that and
you learn the f, they teach you to
mature and understand it and it  what turns out
and happens is that it is not known that there was a
poison and the three of us ended up
poisoned, parts of the
intestine and there they had to operate on him and
when he was 9 years old he already had like 15 surgeries
and he felt pain, pain and he
died. So then, as they
bothered me a lot, as they bothered me a
lot, I did not know that part of the
story until I met my dad which
was like 3 years ago and he
tells me the story. So, as they
bothered me a lot, one day I was there and I said, It's
not that I killed my brother because
we got poisoned and as a result of that my
brother died, then they took the C out of
context. And then when the wing worked for me,
wing said, look, I pray and it happens that he is
lying to them, he is not from God, he
is a homophobic young man because look,
eh, he says that they are men and women and outside of
that, he charges him per photo and outside of that, he is
a murderer, let's say that Dallas made it all up,
charging
people 5 every time they asked him for a photo
on the street, everything, everything, he told it all
invented Dallas by the way
also related to the topic of the meeting that
these people have not that they are together
wol cocu eh la cren la cren de la cren
the other day wescol claimed that he had
proposed to fight Cry but that Cry
rejected him I proposed to a to
them he said yes he [ __ ] himself deses I
proposed to x Cry Oh
llor something that surprised Cry
when he came across this clip on
Twitter What that never happened and he has
denied it invented by wcol
according to Cry seling has reported on his
Twitter account harassment from some
followers in Instagram messages this
person that you see on screen answers his
Instagram stories in a very
peculiar way Alicia please take the
blog off Twitter aunt you go and know
why he has it you know that I love you
very much and I appreciate you and in another story he
answers How hot you are you son of a [ __ ] I don't
know selin think about it Give it a chance
another exclusive that
we gave a while ago has just been confirmed the truth When
was it in September September 30th of
this exclusive on my account  from Twitter
here you have the logo and the name of
what will be the next video game by Jordy
Wild well the next one I think the
first No Jordy Wild will release next
Halloween a horror video game its
name is liminal fear and this is how the
logo looks if it hasn't changed ok because
we leaked it we didn't give the exclusive then it will
remain the same the thing is
that Jordi has confirmed this
exclusive and on Halloween his
horror video game will be released Halloween week
the last one in a long time in other words in
a few years I need to rest you
know that I explained that it was the last
week of Halloween as such that is to say
daily video but it's going to be special
because it's going to be special Because I made a
totally terrifying short film of
course it turned out incredible and I
officially presented more video games and Jo Juan and
ple continue with their journey in Japan
while ple records content for his
YouTube channel and I Juan from time to
time for quite a few hours in fact he
's doing irl which is streaming on
Twitch In fact it's blowing up Today I haven't
slept or nap or anything and I got
up at 7 in the morning  I'm going to the
gym a dick no no how are
you How are you Japan is
talking to you What is it what did you
like the most And what you liked the least what I
like the most it's impossible to get
bored here impossible okay it's like
all the time stimulus It's all the time
stimulus all the time colors all the
time weird people all the time figure and
movement the worst thing is that the Japanese
are curdled at a very Hardcore level
there's a failure there in the connection that
many times we're like there's
a bit of Laja sometimes no let's see normal
we come from another Flow they are very very
squared like dude today for example
what we ordered It's that you can't
pay to separate a place it's very strange
that you like if there are seven kids we can
separately no no no no no it's the only thing
that clashes with our culture I miss
them sometimes it's like Okay You're very
good at your job very robot you're
doing exactly what they told you
but damn for that humans and we don't have
robots working on this trip
while they were talking and telling each other
some things and exchanging
some impressions plex ha  recognized
What has been the most expensive piece of clothing you have ever
bought I don't have anything Expensive The
truth is neither a watch nor clothes nor Look, this is this is
mine this is this is mine the fo I
bought it today 70 the socks are
from Zara I think and this is from Amazon 20 the
cap was 30 right
now 5 bucks and this this is
Gucci no this is Gucci yes this no tey
What is the most expensive thing you have because you do
like clothes no but I don't know either you
son of a [ __ ] eh the
rilla man if I told you I no no but not
either eh Maybe the most expensive I don't know I
bought a coat the other day But because I really
like Batman so I
bought a coat that they released from monclair
like Batman that they see like 3000 bucks that I think
is the most expensive you have
20 shine to leave me a momo not fair for
right now it's worth 3000 bucks
for a coat yes And to you it seems
normal no but it's that I like Batman and
well family here we leave
today's video already  I've told you, we'll
probably do it live later. So
stay tuned for the Channel, I
'll keep you informed through the
WhatsApp group. Well, the group of, what's that called? The
channel, the WhatsApp channel,
look for me, okay, Javi Oliveira, and you
find me. A big kiss and bye, bye,
gorgeous. Oh
[Music]